[ADD] pos: how to add/modify customer notes from POS UI (#3955)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/overview/customer_notes.rst

==============
Customer notes
==============

**Customer notes** allow you to provide customers with further information on a specific product.

> For instance, you can give them cleaning and maintenance tips, etc. They can also be used to track a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, to provide cleaning and maintenance tips; they can also be used to track a
```

Author: I've added the first part, but left it as 2 sentences (with ".")

> customer’s particular requests. For example, they do not want the product to be assembled, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customer’s particular request, such as not wanting the product to be assembled for them.
```

Author: Good catch, like the suggestion

Add customer notes
==================

You can add notes directly from an open :ref:`POS session <pos/start-session>`. To do so, click

> :guilabel:`Customer Notes` on the pad. Doing so opens a pop-up window on which you can add the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Customer Note` on the pad. Doing so opens a pop-up window on which you can add the
```
It is spelled without an -S on my runbot

> desired content for the note.

Author: I changed it a bit, but the suggestion would imply that there's content already and that you add more to it, which is not the case here

.. note::
   Product notes from an :doc:`imported SO <../shop/sales_order>` are displayed identically in the
   cart.

.. image:: customer_notes/customer-notes-ui.png
   :align: center
   :alt: customer note button and notes (SO and POS session) on products in the cart

Modify a customer note
======================

> Select the product from the cart to modify an existing note and click :guilabel:`Customer Notes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the product from the cart to modify an existing note and click :guilabel:`Customer Note`.
```

> Select the product from the cart to modify an existing note and click :guilabel:`Customer Notes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the product from the cart to modify an existing note and click :guilabel:`Customer Notes`.
```
To modify an existing note, select the product and click :guilabel:`Customer Note`.

> Doing so reopens the previous pop-up window. Alter the text and click :guilabel:`Add`.

Author: reopens and alter are correct

Receipts and invoices
=====================

The customer notes appear on customers' receipts and invoices similarly to how they appeared on the

> cart, meaning under the related product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cart, under their related product.
```

Author: I dismissed that suggestion, I think it looks fine the way it is

> .. image:: customer_notes/notes-receipt.png

Reviewer: Not sure what purposes the notes serve if all they display is "Customer Note from SO". Maybe you should change it with something like "(This is where the customer note appears)"
